[Mori] Why can't you come home?
Hey now, I want to
stay with you too.
But if I do that,
all the bad guys who were
after me will come here.
I'm sorry.
I hate to leave you all
alone on your birthday,
but I'm sure your
new friends at school
will celebrate the
next one with you.
I don't need any
friends, grandpa.
Come on,
there's nothing better than
having friends by your side.
They're not.
I'd rather have you!
Please, Mori, don't
make this harder on me.
Taejin Jin.
Your fate is to come join us.
Fulfill the sacred role the
heavens bestowed upon you.
There's a little something I
always said to my grandson.
I told him, "Do what you want."
[Bishop] How charming.
In that case,
may God be with you.
(Mori panting)
[Mori Voiceover]
Sorry Daewi, Mira.
I swear I'll make
it back in time.
Grandpa!
(delicate instrumental music)
(energetic electronic music)
♪ You make it look easy
♪ I'm thinking hard right now
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out
♪ You got me speechless
♪ Opening my mouth
♪ I was keeping your secret
♪ But the word got out
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're building me up
♪ Till your walls come down
♪ Yes, then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
♪ I'll be your contradiction
♪ Contradiction
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(upbeat music)
(explosion rumbling)
You guys ready?
It's the official
GOH channel Big Bang!
The The tournament's now
reached the quarterfinal stage.
In today's match, the Seoul team
will be taking on
the team from Jeju.
The Jeju team was seeded in
a random drawing earlier,
so this is their first actual
battle of the tournament.
It's all so exciting!
What do you think their
fighters will be like?
[Nurses] The battle
we can't wait to see
starts after this!
(Daewi panting)
Find him?
I didn't, and no one
else has seen him either.
Looks like he hasn't gotten
around to showing up.
What in the world
is that idiot doing?
Also, why doesn't he
have a cell phone on him?
I don't think you have time
to worry about that.
Your match is about to begin,
so head back to the arena.
Has Mori Jin made
an appearance yet?
Sorry, no, not yet.
I think he ran into some
kind of trouble on the way.
I mean, it's not like he'd
ignore someone who needs help.
Whatever the reason,
if the match commences and
you're not in the ring,
then you'll lose by default.
If you're somehow able to
win your first two fights,
you could still win this round.
But in your case ...
I'm still suspended
from fighting.
So even if Mira wins
the first one ...
If the second fight begins
and Mori Jin hasn't
made it to the arena,
I regret to say your team
will be out of the tournament.
[Woman On PA] The match
will begin in five minutes.
I'll focus on that first win.
Daewi--
I'll find him.
I won't come back without him.
And would you try not to
win too quickly this time?
Yeah, I'll think about it.
Time for the God of High
School quarterfinals!
The first match in Group
A will be the Jeju team
versus the team from Seoul!
Huh?
[Seungah] What happened
to the rest of their team?
[Hyeonbok] Well, I think one
of them was suspended right?
But the other one ...
[Ilpyo Voiceover] Mori Jin ...
[Announcer] Fighting for
Jeju in the first round
is Marin Lee!
And for Seoul, Mira Yoo!
Is that look part
of your shtick?
The Moon Light Sword's
successor, Mira Yoo.
I've been waiting
such a long time
for my chance to
finally fight you.
Huh?
Ready?
Go!
Huh?
(audience gasping)
Gross!
Born and raised on the sea,
the marine marvel, the
one and only Marin Lee,
ready to show you land
dwellers what's what.
Sorry, Daewi, I don't
think I'll be able
to kill much time here.
(bird squawking)
(footsteps tapping)
He's here.
(dull thumping)
(door creaking)
(Mori gasps)
Grandpa!
(Mira grunting)
What?
See, this tanning oil proves
I'm a man of the ocean.
That's why I never
leave home without it.
Damn you!
(Mira and Marin grunting)
Moon Light Sword
Style, Number 4!
Slippery little fish.
(Mira gasps)
(Marin groans)
You left yourself wide open.
(Mira grunts)
(Marin grunts)
You know, I always tried
to picture it in my mind,
all the possibilities of what
this sword's owner
might be like.
Young or old, man or woman.
It seems you've
truly used it well.
You must have trained
every single day.
(Mira grunts)
Give it back!
But all that training
was for nothing
because you're
still so oblivious.
So completely unaware of
this sword's true power.
(Daewi panting)
[Daewi Voiceover] Mori,
What the hell are you doing?
I know this means as much
to you as it does to us.
(Daewi gasps)
Hey, are you okay?
(ominous music)
You look good.
This is the true
form of this sword,
a weapon that houses
the power of the gods.
The National Treasure, Fengxian.
How in the world did
you not realize this?
It was in your hands and
you never once felt it.
Even as you trained so
hard every single day
wasting your young life,
how could you not
realize what you had?
You wanted to be stronger,
and the means to get stronger
was right in your
hands the whole time.
Explain it.
How could you not see?
Moon Light Sword Style,
Number 5: Swordless!
Wind Willow!
(Marin groans)
Now, Moon Light Sword
Style, Number 1: Deva!
(Marin screams)
Huh?
My sword ...
(Mira gasps)
(audience gasps)
It returns to the hand of who
it recognizes as its owner.
That's the power of
a National Treasure.
What a shame.
Huh?
Yes, such a shame
indeed, little Mira Yoo.
It's clear to see you're
not it's true owner.
Grandpa!
Come on, get it together!
I'm gonna get you free, okay?
Just hang tight.
Dammit, I need something
to cut him loose.
(Taejin laughing)
That was so easy I
can't help but laugh.
(Taejin laughing)
(explosion rumbling)
(ominous music)
Well, that takes care of that.
One more small fry team's
out of the picture.
(ominous music)
Don't hold this against me.
We need all the small
fries out of the way
to accelerate the awakening
of the Key, apparently.
(Mori groans) Who?
Who are you?
Oh, come on.
Can't you just shut up and die?
(Paylong chuckles)
Doppelganger.
(Mori groaning)
We had so many high
expectations for you,
Moon Light Sword's successor.
We hoped you'd be the
one who awaken the sword
and grasp the true power of God.
You must obtain the holy sword
that can rule God himself,
as well as the one hand that
can draw out that power.
But after all that,
as it turned out,
(Marin grunts)
you don't have power at all.
It really is a shame.
(Marin grunts)
(audience gasps)
That's my sword.
It's mine.
(Bora grunting)
[Daewi Voiceover] Isn't she
from South Gyeongsang's team?
Oh baby, you're so cool.
Let's play some more.
I'm just so bored it hurts!
Huh?
Sorry, but I don't have
time to play around.
Huh?
[Daewi] You okay?
I'm fine.
Isn't your team's
match still going on?
You should be out there.
-Don't worry about me.
-It's fine.
(Pum Kwang groaning)
You really are cool!
I can't believe I just did that!
Okay, bye-bye.
[Taek] What the
hell are you doing?
Oh, Taek!
Oh great, you again.
You know, they're
pretty much done.
You always turn up in
the most random places.
(Taek chuckles)
And you, don't just
take off like that.
'Kay.
(Bora giggles)
If I'd moved even an inch
I'd have been done for.
(Mori grunting)
Oh, so this is Taejin
Jin's grandson.
Our final weapon in the
war against the North,
who became a hero
when he alone survived
their death squad's
Northern-style TaeKwonDo.
The man who defeated
every member of The Six.
But that was a long time ago.
Senile fools like you
need to keep being useful
to us till the end.
(Mori grunting)
(Mori screams)
(Mori groaning)
(doppelgangers laughing)
(Mori gasps)
Ah, you spotted them.
Yes, that's right.
Lying before you are the real
members of the Jeju team.
[Mori] Did you ...
Did you do this?
Now that you've seen them,
I can't allow you
to leave here alive.
I take that back.
I never planned to.
(Paylong gasps)
(explosion rumbling)
(Paylong laughs)
Don't do this.
I mean, you already took
the brunt of that explosion.
Your whole body must be
screaming in pain, right?
Now, for the next hour
I won't feel anything.
I'd say I owe it to him
to tell you the truth
since no one else will.
You are powerless.
You have no right
to do anything.
You're just a failure.
(Mira gasps)
-(audience gasps)
-(Mira's body thuds)
Do you sense the reality
of your situation?
If so, I recommend you do
the noble thing and give up.
And lose to you?
Like hell.
[Marin] Mori Jin
won't be coming.
Don't tell me that you
guys did something to him.
-(Marin grunts)
-Who cares?
'Cause honestly, no matter what,
no matter what he'll be here!
Which means, I
won't stop till ...
(Marin laughs)
Truly all of this
is such a shame.
[Mira Voiceover] I
can't let it end yet.
Not yet.
But I can't ...
No.
No, no, no.
I decided I'd move
forward with them.
And I'm ...
(Mira gasps)
[Fengxian] For what reason?
For what reason do you wish?
Do you possess the strength
to make that wish come true?
You are weak.
You're right.
I am weak.
That's why I'll get stronger.
I made up my mind
and won't back down.
Count on it.
I will become stronger.
I will catch up to them
and pass them, I swear.
Then go and become
the strongest of all.
Make your name known
throughout creation,
peerless and unparalleled.
(emotional music)
(warriors yelling)
(audience gasps)
Huh?
(Marin gasps)
Charyeok: The great
hero, Lu Bu Fengxian!
(Marin grunting)
Charyeok: Kraken!
(Mira grunting)
Moon Light Sword
Style, Number 42:
Fang Tian Hua Ji!
(Marin screams)
[Announcer] Winner, Mira Yoo!
(audience cheering)
(Mira panting)
Huh?
(Daewi gasps)
Hey, you're late, Mori.
My bad.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
With the second round up next,
Mori Jin of the Seoul
team has finally arrived!
His opponent from the
Jeju team is Hanseong Nah.
Now that's Seoul has
claimed the first win,
will Hanseong be able
to even the score?
(Daewi grunts)
You got your Charyeok.
Nice work.
Did I?
Was that was it was?
Guess it hasn't
quite sunk in yet.
So what happened to him?
I'm honestly not sure either,
but I've never seen
him look so ...
So angry.
Tell me, what
happened to Paylong?
Ready?
Go!
I'll ask one more time.
Tell me what
happened to Paylong.
Answer me now!
(attack whooshing)
Fine then, this is the end!
(Paylong groans)
(Hanseong groaning)
(energetic electronic music)
Mori Jin Original:
Blue Dragon Kick!
(energetic electronic music)
(Hanseong groans)
You bastard!
Mori Jin Original 2:
Twin Blue Dragon Kick!
(energetic electronic music)
It seems the tiger
raised another tiger.
(mellow music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams, you and me
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win
♪ La la la la la la la la
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la
♪ We lift us up high we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win
♪ La la la la la la la
♪ La la la la la la la la la
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la la